Authentication events policy docs for user flow invocation (#10224)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/authenticationeventspolicy-post-onsignupstart.md

---
title: "Create onSignupStart"

> description: "Create a new authenticationAction object."

Reviewer: Why do the title and the description say different things are being created?

author: "jkdouglas"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Create authenticationListener

Namespace: microsoft.graph

> Create a new authenticationListener object for the onSignUpStart event.

Reviewer 2: Since there's only invokeUserFlowListener for this event, and since the corresponding example request and documentation point specifically to the b2xuserflow relationship property, would it be better to replace 'Create a new authenticationListener" with "Create a new invokeUserFlowListener..."? Same for all of the LIST+CRUD operation docs.

Reviewer: It is confusing. I think from looking at what is here that you are creating an invokeUserFlowListener object, so should probably make it clear in the page and title,. Not sure what the advantage is for the user to include authenticationListener.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from most to least privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Policy.ReadWrite.ApplicationConfiguration|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Policy.ReadWrite.ApplicationConfiguration|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->

``` http
POST /identity/events/onSignupStart
```

## Request headers

|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body

In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [authenticationAction](../resources/authenticationaction.md) object.

The following table shows the properties that are required when you create the [invokeUserFlowAction](../resources/invokeuserflowaction.md).

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |priority|Int32|The priority of the action which is used for determining one out of multiple applicable actions.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|priority|Int32|The priority of the action that is used for determining one out of multiple applicable actions.|
```

> |priority|Int32|The priority of the action that is used to determine one out of multiple applicable actions.|

Reviewer: I don't really understand this description, are users going to? What actions are being referred to? Is there a limited range of priority?

> |sourceFilter|[authenticationSourceFilter](../resources/authenticationsourcefilter.md)|Filter based on the source of the authentication which is used to determine whether the action is executed or not.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|sourceFilter|[authenticationSourceFilter](../resources/authenticationsourcefilter.md)|Filter based on the source of the authentication that is used to determine whether the action is executed or not.|
```

> |userFlow|[b2xIdentityUserFlow](../resources/b2xidentityuserflow.md)|The reference to the user flow object that will be invoked in this action.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|userFlow|[b2xIdentityUserFlow](../resources/b2xidentityuserflow.md)|The reference to the user flow object that is invoked in this action.|
```

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `201 Created` response code and an [authenticationListener](../resources/authenticationlistener.md) object in the response body.

## Examples

> ### Request

Reviewer: Add sentence: The following is an example of the request.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_authenticationlistener_from_"
}
-->

``` http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/identity/events/onSignupStart
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.invokeUserFlowListener",
    "priority": 101,
    "sourceFilter": {
        "includeApplications": [
            "1fc41a76-3050-4529-8095-9af8897cf63d"
        ]
    },
    "userFlow": {
        "id": "B2X_1_Partner"
    }
}
```

> ### Response

Reviewer: Add sentence: The following is an example of the response.
